So I have a really interesting video for you today,
as I'm going to show you something that very very few people have ever
seen or heard of before, at least not yet. In fact,
I'm going to show you four photos that were sent to me of something that was
recently discovered at a notable ancient Egyptian site,
which for some reason is yet to be shared with the public or make the
headlines. Now, the discovery in itself is fascinating,
but the implications of not only what it is,
but specifically where it is may make your jaw drop.
And of course, later in this video, I will be sharing the big,
awkward reason why this hasn't been shared with the public or made the
headlines. And trust me,
when I say that you're going to find that reason disturbing.
Now let me start off by sharing where these four photos were taken,
which just so happens to be at a notable ancient Egyptian site known as the
Dendera complex.
This site is known for a few highly recognizable features,
including the massive stone columns that make up the temple of hot tour.
And also the incredibly interesting, and of course,
highly debated hieroglyphs and petroglyphs found throughout this site.
But what if there was something else here that was hidden from everyone,
Egyptologists, archeologists, researchers, something really big.
And although you couldn't say that it was hiding in plain sight,
but what if it was something right under our noses that nobody ever thought to
go looking for? Now? What do I mean by under our noses? Well,
like I mentioned a moment ago, this is the temple of hot tour,
famous for the incredibly large columns and impressive stonework that cover
virtually every inch of every wall,
column and ceiling throughout the temple. In fact,
there are dozens of columns, 24 in total between two hall rooms,
all of which are 15 meters or nearly 50 feet tall.
And the 24 does not include the outside columns that surround the temple.
The decorative work is astounding and full of incredible symbolism.
A trove of knowledge that was communicated and passed down by the ancient
Egyptians thousands of years ago. Now hot tour was the mother of the sun,
God RA and sky God Horus look at the face of how
tour and the late Egyptologists John Anthony West described her interesting
and unusual appearance as a form of symbolism. For example,
her triangular face may have represented the shape of a uterus,
essentially depicting her as the divine feminine also noticed the
ears. Those are certainly not human ears and many,
including John Anthony West stated that they are cow ears,
but why would those have been chosen?
What symbolism are those meant to represent different people have different
thoughts on this. But one thing is for sure,
the appearance and shape of hot tour's face is much different than any depiction
of any famous face depicted by the ancient Egyptians.
And also notice how all of them are defaced. It is not known who did this when,
or for what reasons, but in many ways, this giant temple,
which is literally a building made entirely of stone could be considered a
planetarium of sorts that hot tour represents the cosmic mother,
the mistress of time, astronomical cycles and all cycles of time.
And it's worth mentioning that this temple represents the time of the old
kingdom when Egypt was led by many priestesses and was a matriarch
for a period of time as well. Something few people seem to discuss,
which I find interesting.
Now the ceiling itself ties into the astronomical cycles. I just mentioned.
And in many details, for example,
what you see here is said to represent the waxing of the moon,
which totals 28 days.
So you see 14 gods and goddesses on 14 stairs said to represent the
28 total days that make up the full and new moon cycles.
Another example of the cosmos being represented in this temple includes what is
referred to as the Dendera Zodiac,
which the Egyptians likely took straight from the ancient Sumerian 6,000 years
ago and made it their own.
There are many other fascinating details about what is inscribed on the stone
throughout this temple, but that is not what this video is about. However,
I wanted to share with you the nature of this temple,
that incredible intelligence went into not only constructing it,
which in itself is impressive,
but the thousands of years of learned knowledge that would have went into
developing the information shared within the temple is simply incredible.
But like I said, at the beginning of this video,
what if there was something else here,
something that was hidden from everyone and for thousands of years,
and by the way, if you're not aware,
I recently started an Instagram account a few months ago where I'm sharing more
details about this channel, including clues about my upcoming videos,
as well as I intend to share more information about my personal life.
So you can get to know me a bit better,
but I was very fortunate that an awesome friend named Jamie reached out to me
through Instagram,
having recently returned home from a life-changing trip to visit ancient
Egyptian sites. Back in April,
she had an opportunity to see many things that others traveling and large tour
groups normally do not.
As she traveled with just a few people and hired an experienced Egyptian tour
guide,
a tour guide who had many insider connections with various guards and
Egyptian officials,
and was able to gain access to certain locked doors in exchange for of course,
cash money. So while visiting the temple of hot tour,
Jamie was fortunate enough to see something that was recently uncovered on the
floor of this very temple. Again,
something that only a small number of people have seen or been made aware of.
So without further ado, this is what she was shown,
what you're looking at here,
which has seen with the removal of this large and very heavy floor stone is not
a round stone paver. In fact,
it is the very top of a buried upright stone column,
which appears to be of not just one column,
but multiple upright and buried columns,
which is directly underneath the temple of hot tour.
That's right directly beneath all of this is another temple full of
columns. I did not know how many columns there are,
how tall or wide they are or how widespread the below temple is,
but wow, please leave a comment thinking Jamie,
for these outstanding photos and give this video a thumbs up if you've never
seen or heard of this discovery before, let's get the word out,
but really you would expect to have heard about this discovery from,
I don't know, multinational news outlets, uh, the national geographic,
or maybe just maybe the Egyptian antiquities department,
which of course oversees all of these sites. Now take a look at this diagram,
which shows you the specific location within the temple that has this missing
floor stone and the multiple buried columns.
But speaking of this missing floor stone,
which was only removed in the first place in order to conduct restorations on
it, which was apparently within just the last few months,
and this is of course how they came to discover these columns in the first
place. And by the way, is this actually multiple buried columns?
Or is this just one massive one with unique shape? I mean,
real quick compare to the shape of the columns that we do see inside this temple
and notice the similarity. I'm not exactly sure what to make of this.
And I'm curious to know what your thoughts are in the comments,
but the question becomes how tall are these buried columns? How many are there?
How big is the Berry temple down below and what is waiting to be discovered
inside of it? So let's get this straight,
the already incredible site of hot tour,
which contains a wealth of information about our ancient past.
Just so happens to be sitting on top of a long, lost, buried temple.
And nobody knows what's waiting to be discovered in it.
And the people running the show haven't made the public aware of it yet. Hmm.
So this is the part involving why you haven't heard about this fascinating,
and by the way,
significantly important discovery yet the private guide informed
Jamie that they will be covering it back up and we'll wait to excavate it
once they can do so in secret,
those were his exact words. That's right.
The guide himself said that they will conceal it and we'll be excavating it
without the public's knowledge at an unknown time in the future,
which I assume means that the wait until more broad restorations are required at
the site when they can lock it down for extended periods of time.
These photos literally prove that the authorities overseeing these ancient sites
are actively preventing new found information from reaching the masses.
Think about that. This info isn't being shared with professors, archeologists,
Egyptologists,
or researchers that people with control over these sites have reason to do the
things that they do on their own in secret,
before sharing whatever they decide to share with the public.
Am I the only one that sees a major issue with this?
And by the way of all places that this very temple happens to be at is a
site where some of the most debated stone reliefs from anywhere in ancient times
exists such as that, which is commonly referred to as the Dendera light bulb.
Look at this thing and tell me it doesn't make your eyebrow go up.
Now I've done quite a bit of research on this and read and listen to many
different perspectives from both the mainstream academic explanation,
to those who suggest that this is evidence of ancient technology. Now,
the academic perspective on this is that the Lotus flower depicts the God Horus
emerging from the blooming flower at the beginning of the day.
And the energy of Horace is represented by the snake.
Now that part about the snake supposedly depicting Horace would seem like a
stretch,
but also keep in mind that the stone facing this one shows Horace and the snake
together, which is why they say the snake in this picture represents Horace.
Assuming you buy into that.
Now the bulb part of it is said to depict the sanctuary of the sun or rather the
birthplace of our son, perhaps symbolism of our atmosphere that protects us.
The supporting Jed pillars below are following the sky on its nightly journey.
And the people below are said to be celebrating the new sun as it journeys
across the new sky, essentially being born,
which is why many believe this represents the story of creation.
Now I have a few thoughts of my own on this.
And I must say that the explanations of that this is symbolic of essentially
creation is actually highly compelling based on other examples of symbolism at
hot tourists temple.
I highly recommend you research this on your own and develop your own
conclusions. But it seems to me that this is probably not a light bulb,
but I also think that this may well represent great knowledge and
perhaps of the use of this knowledge in the form of energy.
Hear me out as there's a few details that many people who are convinced that
this thing is strictly symbolic and has absolutely nothing to do with technology
seem to overlook. Let's look to the right of this,
the hieroglyphs themselves give warning.
But the question is warning to what now look at this figure,
which almost looks like the body of a baboons,
except the tail is much different than that of a baboon and the face seems to
look like, I don't know, a toad or a frog of some kind,
this is beyond unusual and get this.
This is literally the only place throughout anywhere in ancient Egypt,
that this being, whoever it is has been found,
this is the one and only example. Interesting.
And I do like the points made by authors, Brian Forester and Stephen mailer,
and the explanation of this and that look at how it's holding two knives.
Could this be symbolic that this knowledge could be used for good or bad
that it could be used to improve life or harm you?
Because after all that is certainly an accurate way of describing electricity,
it can cook your dinner, heat, your house, or electrocute you to death.
It has to be mentioned that the depictions of snakes literally represent energy
and most all ancient civilizations, including Kundalini energy.
Now I'm not saying that this is necessarily to pixel electricity at all.
And again, I doubt that it's a light bulb,
even though it's surely looks like a light bulb, but whether it is or isn't,
is it really that L out of the realm of possibilities that we don't fully
understand the meaning or the context of this? I mean,
any honest and informed researcher would say yes to that as even in modern
times, you can't report on any story without people coming to totally different
conclusions,
but not only that many people that identify with the mainstream academic
narrative of its symbolism all seem to have different differing,
nuanced versions of it. It's actually a bit inconsistent,
which is odd for people claiming to know exactly what it is now many,
see this and consider that the Lotus flower seems to be connected by a cord to
the box down below on the right guys. Again, research this on your own.
There are many logical explanations that have nothing to do with technology,
but if there was one point I would make about all of this,
besides that there is a warning given on the rights of this depiction,
which doesn't seem to belong there with the story and symbolism of creation.
I mean, really why is there a warning for this? Clearly,
there's more to interpret in the details here that most seem to overlook,
but I do have specific questions as to what's referred to as the Jed,
the Jed is supposed to symbolize stability,
but more specifically it is said to represent the spinal cord of the God. Oh,
Cyrus.
Although I can understand it's symbolizing stability in certain examples,
there are other examples that tell me it's something far more specific. I mean,
just look at this and tell me how you could conclude that this represents the
God of Cyrus's spinal cord. Plus if you look closely,
it's almost like a two-pronged fork at the top, this is something very unique,
and I questioned its true meaning and certain examples.
And there are many other interesting depictions of this,
but it's examples like this that suggests that we don't fully understand the
meaning and context. And by the way, as far as stability goes,
pillars and columns certainly provides stability, which is what this looks like.
It looks like an oddly shaped pillar,
but what's particularly interesting is that this is literally nothing like any
other Egyptian made column or pillar ever found.
They just don't look like at all.
The Jed interpretation came from an English man named Wallace budge a hundred
years ago,
who is notable for translating the Egyptian book of the dead budge stated that
originally of Cyrus was probably represented by the Jed alone and that he had no
other form, just this pillar thing.
He regards the Jed hieroglyph as a conventional representation of a part of his
spinal column and gives its meaning as quote, to be stable,
to be permanent abiding established, firmly enduring.
I have to say that. I think that there's more to that story than just that.
Leave a comment and share what your thoughts are on all of that.
But one thing that I'm very curious about is this other highly
unusual stone relief that is right next to this light bulb. I mean,
just look at it, those unique faces with the cow ears,
what exactly is connected to their head? I mean, honestly,
this is some weird stuff and I sense that it's true.
Meaning goes far beyond the explanation that this half circular thing at the
bottom is a monotony necklace, which well, yes it is.
But what is the meaning of this necklace and what is its place in this
particular stonework? Why is it connected to multiple strange looking heads?
Meaning and contexts are beyond significant.
And here we are now thousands of years later trying to interpret what they were
trying to tell us.
So it's more than reasonable to say that we probably are mixing some accurate as
well as some inaccurate information and coming to conclusions. I mean,
my ultimate conclusion is that we don't ultimately fully understand the meaning
of it. And it's foolish for anyone to say that they have at 100% figured out.
What I know is that I don't know,
but this is a fun conversation regardless of what you think it is because here
we are, we're discussing it and it's not being forgotten. And as well,
it's being brought to new eyes that have never seen or heard of this before,
which by the way, I mean this whole site in itself,
the Dendera complex and these incredibly interesting hieroglyphs,
as well as the temple of hot tour and those massive columns,
most people have never even seen or heard of this stuff before,
as it's simply not included in most curriculum for ancient studies. I mean,
they teach you about the Spanx and the pyramids and mummies and king tot. Right.
But have you seen about this when you were in school? I mean,
have you ever seen these things before? I know I wasn't taught about this stuff,
but all of that said,
here we are now with the knowledge that there is a completely hidden temple,
just waiting to be discovered at this very site who knows what is buried
down there or engraved on the Stonewall is within it.
And for a site that is already so impressive and debatable,
the fact that this recent discovery is being kept from the masses really makes
you think again, a special thank you to my friend, Jamie,
for sending me these outstanding photos,
but you will all be thrilled to hear that there are other photos that she sent
me that are behind closed and locked doors and gates at various
Egyptian sites.
And it is truly interesting what they don't want everyone to see on these tour
groups. So look forward to an excellent video with those photos soon.
So to close all this up,
despite all of the disagreements between various academic researchers or
so-called fringe researchers,
or even those that think that aliens built the pyramids.
The one thing that we all have in common is the fact that we have all been left
in the dark about this discovery.
It's time that everyone that shares the unique passion for our ancient history
to unite and come together and realize that, Hey,
we're not being fed the whole story.
And if there's one thing that we all have in common is that we want to know what
the truth is, right? And without a doubt,
all of us want to know what the story is of these buried columns.
Why were they buried in the first place and what is waiting to be seen down
below anyways, guys, I'm going to wrap it up here, but leave a comment.
Let me know what your thoughts are on all of this hit the like button and
subscribe. If you haven't. And of course, follow me on Instagram.
If you haven't done that already, but I'll leave it there.
Look forward to a great video coming soon. But yeah, I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight. Take care, everybody.